I'm no speech giver I'm just a regular
guy who keeps the stretch of
civilization open but I really am
honored to be named citizen of the year
Scotsman yeah
it's about your son Hayes dead oh you
got mixed up with some drug dealer by
the name of I keep this viking vikings a
whole different breed do you know what a
bully is I gave you Lord of the Flies
all the answers are in that book I'm
gonna kill these guys really what makes
you think you can kill a man I read it
crime novel
three of vikings dealers have
disappeared its fate of Bluebell Sam
yeah what is with all these nicknames
we don't fight key it's a gangster did
you have a nickname wingman wingman yeah
from Top Gun as in you can be my wingman
one guy can disappear
but for me someone wants me dead my
guess that was white ball white ball is
Vikings rival white bull wants war and
I'll give it to him oh Jesus
we had turf war right here in the town
this doesn't happen at Kia just dead
you have gone as far as you're gonna go
this is my world now
I don't think it does
I will have blood for blood
thank you a kidnapping on all the time
and you drive the same road day after
day it's easy to think about the road
not taken
but I picked a good road and I stayed on
it
Nell's cocksman cinesín near
good for him
we need rose tonight I'm sorry you need
a reservation excuse me Reza do you have
any idea what I can do to you on
TripAdvisor
[Music]